listen this movie did jerry
dirty now i had to ask the lme listeners
who y'all would pick when it came you
know between the cat and the mouse and
surprisingly it was an even split as for
me in my household though
we're team jerry all the way in terms of
their new movie over on hbo max
you know i thought it was okay i can't
really hate it considering it's a movie
that's clearly meant for kids
you know it doesn't really skim on the
goofiness that the cartoon had it's all
there but
for a duo whose stories are usually told
within 11 minutes yeah they
they definitely stretched this one out
more than tom let me
explain so this feature comes from tim's
story who's no stranger to the comedy
genre we're adapting big properties
since he did handle the 2000's fantastic
four
now in this world all the animals are
cartoony so it's kind of normal to see a
dude picking up after an animated
bulldog
he just probably would have needed a
hefty bag it's clear that roger rabbit
was a big influence on how they tried to
create this world which
is interesting since tom and jerry were
cut from that movie as seen in some of
the deleted storyboards
but this wouldn't be the first time that
they've mixed mediums before in my
opinion it's just
too much human and i don't have cat and
mouse in this flick pretty much the
story revolves around chloe's character
who's conniving her way
into a job at this fancy hotel where
colin jost is finally getting a public
wedding
with his wife of color tom continues his
quest to become a keyboard cat while
jerry's just
trying to survive in america meanwhile
pena's like an inch away from choking on
his accent directly nervous i'm not
acting nervous
no what's in your pocket ah
nah the monster's in the box here's the
thing though it's not as funny as it
could have been you know
the cast is giving it their all and i do
think that they went all
in maybe to win like there's a scene
where chloe's trying to capture jerry
and he went up sir
and the look on this girl's face was
like she just found the one
which is funny because she's practically
human jerry
she's finagling her way into places the
same way jerry does
her tie is jerry's color while penguins
is tom's
her middle name is judith while pena
goes by terence which
de donde either way it is ironic to see
that they hate their counterparts
when like tom terrence is the one
causing all the destruction
because these two don't know how to
chill but let me defend jerry
all you tom fans are trying to defend
him with the woe is me
please he's a snitch dude called cat ice
on his
own like i'm not worried about his piano
career
this cat really walked into a royal
hotel and got a job on the spot
jerry doesn't have that privilege
homie's out here living a modern day
american tale just trying to survive
while tom is an employed house cat who
wants to be john legend jerry needs a
home but the rent is too damn high
you'll see him as a ring thief i see him
as someone who knew the relationship
wasn't going to work out
see he's bargaining for an item and
that's a no but murder
okay y'all will really praise parasite
but then i have a problem with jerry
taking the tiny hotel shampoos
that said yeah i'm not gonna lie he's a
pretty slick one you know
there is a reason why his og name was
jinx now
drop the brink all in all i also think
there's a reason why their cat and mouse
shenanigans have injured almost a
century you know
they have the most oscar wins for an
animated duo some of the best parts of
the movie are the homages they do to
classic stunts that they pulled
on each other throughout the years and
it just proves the magic of animation
you can adapt them into human forms to
showcase a young swindler trying to
survive in the city or
an uptight stickler who feels society is
turned on him but
i think what makes a cartoon great is a
limited amount of dialogue
so far warner bros has this thing with
focusing more on the human characters
and not
the title characters of their movies and
as committed as the actors can be
you know we're not there for the star
power of the cast there's a reason why
they credit tom and jerry as themselves
and even had them doing their own press
overall the movie was all right and
while i give it a stream it the
the way streaming is working nowadays it
kind of feels like a rented since it'll
be gone off of hbo within a month
so if you're interested in catching it
or going to get the service just you
know make sure your subscription
overlaps so you can catch judas as well
in terms of warner bros family films
though i think it's only a matter of
time before they figure out how to
balance all the classics that they have
and adapting them for a new generation
i'm just hoping it's in time for the
space jam sequel thank you guys for
checking out this video i'm curious to
know your thoughts down below in the
comment section are you team jerry if
not
why other than that uh i'm curious
whether you like this one what other
ones you're curious on seeing them get
adapted into hopefully not everything's
gonna be this hybrid thing i think it's
okay to just have a full animation out
there but
you know when it comes into a family
films you know usually have this little
meter where it's either gonna be too
kiddish just right or maybe too much for
adults
this one definitely more on the kids
side which i don't think is a bad thing
you know you look at the warner bro
kids youtube channel you can see how
many kids are still attracted to
the shorts they don't even know what the
dislike button does but
i do think that there will come a time
where we'll get better adaptations of
these
you know maybe there just can't be that
much money riding on it like
you look at what fans can do and
sometimes they come up with more
interesting things so
maybe it's just a matter of time but uh
it's interesting to see that tim's story
is also gonna be working on a monopoly
movie with kevin hart so he's got that
in the future
uh but i did want to bring up that one
of the writers of this movie you know
don't hold it against it but
anytime that i can he did write bixby
bear and any time i can shout out that
movie you know i will so definitely go
watch briggs be bear in case you saw
this movie and ended up in this video
at least you have that one on your radar
but i'm curious to know your thoughts on
this one
any other movies that are coming up on
the horizon until next time don't forget
to comment like and subscribe
and we'll make a live action road runner